hi welcome to cooking with Connie today
I'm going to show you how to make our
favorite homemade chinese style roasted
chicken we call it the stand up chicken
so the first thing you need is a
beautiful freshly slaughtered chicken
from my favorite poultry place topper
poultry it's on pender street in
chinatown and the chickens are so fresh
that they are slaughtered the same day
they are from abbotsford chilliwack and
richmond chicken so you can't get any
fresher than that even if you had your
own farm okay so when you find the
chicken I usually ask for a ten dollar
chicken with its head and feet and I
asked them to chop off the head and the
feet and the chicken is a really good
size and so what you do is you give it a
nice rinse and some cold water pull off
the tag alright so it's a clean chicken
had his bath ready and so what we're
making is a ginger salt eat chicken and
so it's a really easy recipe what we're
going to do is we're going to take some
fine table salt 1 teaspoon of it we're
going to rub it on the chicken / 1
teaspoon of that table saw and then from
T&T supermarket you can get south ground
fun which is also known as ginger powder
saw a girl fun right here and it comes
in this type of packaging and it's about
two dollars a package so we're going to
use a teaspoon of that I just put it in
a jar okay so I'm gonna job so i'm going
to use about a teaspoon of that so this
is not salty but it gives it a nice
gingery smell you can use a teaspoon or
even more if you like and we're just
going to rub it onto the whole chicken
so again it's not salty but it gives it
a nice flavor whoops there we go I like
it a lot and then also one teaspoon of
your favorite soy sauce and again it's
too
okay so if you love soy sauce you can
put on a little bit more rub it on the
chicken and everybody loves this recipe
it's healthy because once we bake it all
the oils will fall to the bottom of the
pan and it has a really nice crispy skin
so the important thing is to marinate
this overnight in your fridge so this is
done now and it's all ready for tomorrow
and so I'm also going to show you how to
put it on the roasting pan the stand up
jigga pan okay so let's say this is the
next day so the next day you take your
roaster and you put a little oil on it
and there's some holes here for the
stand up part okay and it goes like this
very easy but of course when we're on
camera there's always so technical
difficulties nope so it's nice to have
some foil here and then you have soil
cookie sheet all right it doesn't splash
everywhere and all you do after the
overnight of marinating you make it set
up
and this is our stand up chicken and
pre-heat your oven to 400 degrees and
it's approximately 45 minutes to an hour
and this is my $10 stand up chicken
enjoy